# Some data science projects 
## R projects
- To build a model to predict song_genre in Spotify based on appropriate variables in the provided dataset. We compare three models: A linear discriminant analysis, A K-nearest neighbours model with a range of 1 to 100 and 20 levels and A random forest with 100 trees and 5 levels and choose the best one. 
- Analysing the diamonds dataset from the ggplot2 package to predict the price of a diamond using the random forest model. 
## Julia projects 
- Simulating a factory production line that constructs lawnmowers to order.
## Python projects
- The primary question of this project is to identify the main factors influencing consumer travel reservations in the digital age. Understanding the buying process for consumers and the effects of numerous touchpoints has become vital for businesses in the era of rapid internet proliferation (Cohen & Areni 1991). This study sought to understand the key elements affecting consumer travel bookings in the digital era. Numerous demographic and socioeconomic factors, including gross income, work type, social class, family size, age, and gender, were included in the dataset. To analyse the data and forecast trip reservations, models for Decision Trees, Random Forests, and Logistic Regression were utilised. The results showed that the likelihood of making a vacation reservation was highly influenced by age, home size, social class, gross income, and type of work. Age and gender, however, were found to have just a small impact on these choices. In every performance indicator, the Decision Tree and Random Forest models fared better than the Logistic Regression model, making them the better options for forecasting travel reservations.
